BD-4439: Update "Using Intelligent Timing" to match Reactified UI screenshots and logic (#9494)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/brazeai/intelligence/intelligent_timing.md

### Step 1: Add intelligent timing

1. Create a campaign and compose your message.
2. Select the **Scheduled Delivery** as your delivery type.
3. Under **Time-Based Scheduling Options**, select **Intelligent Timing**.
4. Set the entry frequency. For one-time sends, select **Once** and select a send date. For recurring sends, select **Daily**, **Weekly**, or **Monthly** and configure the recurrence options. See [campaign nuances](#campaign-nuances) for more guidance.
5. Optionally, configure [Quiet Hours](#quiet-hours).
6. Specify a [fallback time](#fallback-time). This is when the message will send if a user's profile doesn't have enough data to calculate an optimal time.

> ![Campaign scheduling screen showing Intelligent Timing with fallback time and Quiet Hours settings][1]

Reviewer: Reference links don't work in tabs
<img width="700" alt="Screenshot 2025-07-07 at 1 04 26 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f2727104-1274-4577-af45-87da0c3f857b" />

```suggestion
![Campaign scheduling screen showing Intelligent Timing with fallback time and Quiet Hours settings]({% image_buster /assets/img/intelligent_timing/campaign_scheduling.png %})
```

#### Quiet Hours {#quiet-hours}

Use Quiet Hours to prevent messages from sending during specific hours. This is helpful when you want to avoid sending messages during early morning hours or overnight, while still allowing Intelligent Timing to determine the best delivery window.

{% alert note %}
As of April xx, 2025, Quiet Hours reverse the old “Only send within specific hours” setting. Instead of choosing when a message can send, you now specify when it shouldn’t.
{% endalert %}

1. Select **Enable Quiet Hours**.
2. Select the start and end time when **not** to send messages.

> ![Quiet Hours toggle turned on with start and end time set to block message delivery overnight][2]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Quiet Hours toggle turned on with start and end time set to block message delivery overnight]({% image_buster /assets/img/intelligent_timing/quiet_hours.png %})
```

When Quiet Hours are turned on, Braze won't send messages during the quiet period—even if that time matches a user's optimal send time. If a user's optimal time falls within the quiet window, the message will be sent instead at the nearest edge of the window.

For example, if Quiet Hours are set from 10:00 PM to 6:00 AM, and a user's optimal time is 5:30 AM, Braze will hold the message and deliver it at 6:00 AM—the closest time outside the quiet window.

#### Preview delivery times

To see an estimate of how many users will receive the message in each hour of the day, use the preview chart (campaigns only).

1. Add segments or filters in the Target Audiences step.
2. In the section **Preview Delivery Times for** (which appears in both the Target Audiences and Schedule Delivery steps), select your channel.
3. Click **Refresh Data**.

> ![][3]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![]({% image_buster /assets/img/intel-timing-preview.png %})
```
Also missing ALT text

#### 3-day window for segment filters

If you're targeting an audience that has performed an action in a certain period of time, allow for at least a 3-day window in your segment filters. For example, instead of `First used app more than 1 day ago` and `First used app less than 3 days ago`, use 1 day and 4 days.

> ![Filters for the target audience where the campaign targets users who first used app between 1 and 4 days ago.][4]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Filters for the target audience where the campaign targets users who first used app between 1 and 4 days ago.]({% image_buster /assets/img/intelligent_timing/first_used_app.png %})
```

This is also because of time zones—selecting a period of less than 3 days may cause some users to fall out of the segment before their optimal send time is reached.

For more information, refer to [FAQ: Intelligent Timing](#when-does-braze-check-the-eligibility-criteria-for-segment-and-audience-filters).

#### Schedule wining variants 2 days after A/B test

If you are leveraging [A/B testing with an optimization]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/testing/multivariant_testing/optimizations/), such as automatically sending the **Winning Variant** or using a **Personalized Variant**, Intelligent Timing may affect the duration and timing of your campaign.

When using Intelligent Timing, we recommend scheduling the Winning Variant send time at least **2 days after** the A/B test begins. For example, if your A/B test starts on April 16 at 4:00 PM, schedule the Winning Variant to send no sooner than April 18 at 4:00 PM. This gives Braze enough time to evaluate user behavior and send messages at the optimal time.

> ![A/B testing sections showing A/B test with Winning Variant selected, with winning criteria, send date, and local send time selected][5]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![A/B testing sections showing A/B test with Winning Variant selected, with winning criteria, send date, and local send time selected]({% image_buster /assets/img/intelligent_timing/ab_testing_intelligent_timing.png %})
```

#### How can I make sure Intelligent Timing works as well as possible?

Intelligent Timing uses each user’s individual history of message engagement at whatever times they received messages. Before using Intelligent Timing, make sure that you have sent users messages at different times of the day. That way, you can “sample” when might be the best time for each user. Inadequately sampling different times of day may result in Intelligent Timing picking a suboptimal time of send for a user.

> [1]: {% image_buster /assets/img/intelligent_timing/campaign_scheduling.png %}

Reviewer: Double-checking that we're no longer using references so that translations are easier?
